## Iteration 2:
### WIP  
In this iteration, I'm working on adding a numerical label to the _primary_medium_ data as well as clustering the _art_movements_. This is a work in progress but I plan on continuing this work as iteration 1 was so fun. I aim to to explore art_movement and primary_medium in addition to the bertin variables value, color, texture, and the spacial dimension option. To examine this data, I used filtering mechanisms in Microsoft Excel.

### Methods  
_primary_medium_: to explore the primary mediums of these works, I've tried label binarization (which produced a TypeError: fit() takes 2 positional arguments but 8 were given), forced a data overwrite with pandas (producing a copy error), and am now working with [OneHotEncoder](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.preprocessing.OneHotEncoder.html), which will produce a numerical array mapping to the categorical data.primary_medium. OneHotEncoder is an acceptable method for this goal since there are only 7 catgeories. It would be unscalable for a data frame with many categories or a lot of blank data.  

_art_movement_: to cluster by art_movement, I will have to run a [hashing vectorizor](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.feature_extraction.text.HashingVectorizer.html) because there are so many options and a lot of blank data. There are upwards of 28 art movements listed in this data set, so binarizing will be too onerous to apply. After I run the hashing vectorizor, I will work on 